hello and welcome to a new
video today I'm going to teach you
to make a moisturizer for skins
mature
so for that you need loss of
13.5 g of calendula bassorah where
ronald and 15 grams of oil from
grape seeds so you put that
in your mouth at the bottom if you in
have another flap of the firs mari so
you have a warming you have
just at the ball m on the position a
way there and then we will need a
abuse him burn beeswax the
same time
so we'll wait for the wax
bee melt in oil then
how is it going to prepare our tastes from
the essential of 2 feb a large foam of
vitamins can and extra kiwis
that he so off amm is said drops
of sodomy extract or even be four
drops of vitamin e vitamin e
it's for not that that eight nancy this there
where will put 5 drops of god
rose essential
so why the rose simply
because and it's famous for being anti
age you can also put general
the
and we will put two drops of pembroke
heavy so these conservatives
so these creams you will be able to the
keep about three months because
that there are not many backs
so we will also prepare the 0.1
grams of hyaluronic acid so I
the offers already prepared here so that's
the same for this recipe you need
a choice of almost like that it is possible
if you have to delusion
with the water so the water you have prepared
this serious mineral water or then you
take some books if you have one
wait for it to start
this is our sister the day before melted
so we go out of the husband and then there I
goes on again and the seven grams of water
mineral where he relates a rose
so we'll do it while stirring
so we will really emulsify
for at least two minutes she
still created but enough enough
odious you will be able to add so
for your essential oils blend
of grape seed vitamins e and
kiwi as well as the 0.1 grams of acid
hyaluronic
so after you put yourself there so
veronique and you mix well
here is your cream is ready you do not have
more than to transfer it to our plan
so it does not want 30 milliliters a little
little more
listen I hope this video has us
more and I'll see you soon